Add osu! Mapping Olympiad wiki article (#4556)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Contests/Mapping_Olympiad/en.md

# osu! Mapping Olympiad

> **osu! Mapping Olympiad** is an all-gamemode official contest line-up that was originally from a project of official beatmapping contests revival in 2018. Its particularity is to explore different contests concepts, going from traditional mapping contests to speedmapping or aspire, to mention just a few. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**osu! Mapping Olympiad** is an all-gamemode official contest line-up that was originally from a project of official beatmapping contests revival in 2018. Its particularity is to explore different contest concepts, going from traditional mapping contests to speedmapping or aspire, to mention just a few. 
```
would love to see a "History" section detailing what's mentioned here

Author: Will look into it with Chaos if he can come up with something about the history of the contest

## Ruleset

* Each entry must follow the Ranking Criteria. Entries found to break the Ranking Criteria will be subject to penalties, ranging from point deductions to disqualification based on severity.
* Beatmap submissions must not exceed 15MB.
* Storyboards will not be considered in the judging process.
* Custom hitsounds may be used.
* Collaboration on entries is not permitted.
* Maps submitted to the contest must not be uploaded using the Beatmap Submission System (BSS) until the contest is concluded and the winners are announced.

> Please note that the ruleset may be subject to change depending on editions' restrictions. 

Reviewer: would prefer doing the following instead

```
## Ruleset

*Note: Keep in mind that the ruleset may be subject to change depending on editions' restrictions.*

- Each entry must follow blah blah...```

## Previous contests

The leaderboards right below display the top 3 mappers from each iteration since the first edition of the osu! Mapping Olympiad.

> | Contest Listing | ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | Results Post |
> | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
> | [#1: osu!standard](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/63) | ![][flag_US] [pishifat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3178418), ![][flag_IT] [Bonzi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1313969), ![][flag_CA] [Monstrata](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2706438) | ![][flag_UA] [Fallmorph](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5720389), ![][flag_SG] [Rokkea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2500099), ![][flag_CA] [Kibbleru](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3193504) | ![][flag_CA] [Gaia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2683648), ![][flag_CN] [fanzhen0019](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/418699), ![][flag_FR] [Nozhomi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2716981) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2018-06-23-osu-mapping-olympiad-1-results) |
> | [#2: osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/65) | ![][flag_FR] [Nofool](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/672430) | ![][flag_US] [Nifty](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4956097) | ![][flag_ID] [Volta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4154071) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2019-09-07-osu!taiko-mapping-olympiad-2-results) |
> | [#3: osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/67) | ![][flag_FI] [PianoLuigi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9665915) | ![][flag_KR] [Kawawa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | ![][flag_ID] [\_VianK_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6889055) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2019-12-27-osu-mapping-olympiad-3-results) |
> | [#4: osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/69) | ![][flag_SG] [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057) | ![][flag_KR] [Minato Yukina](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | ![][flag_US] [Ascendance](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2931883) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2019-02-06-osu-mapping-olympiad-4-results) |
> | [#5: Concept Mapping](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/72) | ![][flag_CN] [ 	Necho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4086593),![][flag_CN] [Ryuusei Aika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7777875) | ![][flag_BE] [yaspo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4945926) | ![][flag_CA] [J1_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5918561), ![][flag_HK] [how2miss](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477199) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2019-05-22-osu-mapping-olympiad-5-results) |
> | [#6: osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/96) | ![][flag_HK] [alienflybot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/636114) | ![][flag_SG] [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057) | ![][flag_CN] [Yumeno Himiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1806962) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-04-23-osu-mapping-olympiad-6-results) |
> | [#7: osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/108) | ![][flag_US] [Toaph Daddy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7616811), ![][flag_KR] [Kawawa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | - | ![][flag_PH] [lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573), ![][flag_CA] [BringoBrango](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10274043) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-12-01-osu-mapping-olympiad-7-concludes) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Contest listing | ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | Results post |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| [\#1: osu!standard](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/63) | ![][flag_US] [pishifat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3178418), ![][flag_IT] [Bonzi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1313969), ![][flag_CA] [Monstrata](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2706438) | ![][flag_UA] [Fallmorph](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5720389), ![][flag_SG] [Rokkea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2500099), ![][flag_CA] [Kibbleru](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3193504) | ![][flag_CA] [Gaia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2683648), ![][flag_CN] [fanzhen0019](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/418699), ![][flag_FR] [Nozhomi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2716981) | [Results](/news/2018-06-23-osu-mapping-olympiad-1-results) |
| [\#2: osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/65) | ![][flag_FR] [Nofool](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/672430) | ![][flag_US] [Nifty](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4956097) | ![][flag_ID] [Volta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4154071) | [Results](/news/2019-09-07-osu!taiko-mapping-olympiad-2-results) |
| [\#3: osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/67) | ![][flag_FI] [PianoLuigi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9665915) | ![][flag_KR] [Kawawa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | ![][flag_ID] [\_VianK\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6889055) | [Results](/news/2019-12-27-osu-mapping-olympiad-3-results) |
| [\#4: osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/69) | ![][flag_SG] [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057) | ![][flag_KR] [Minato Yukina](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | ![][flag_US] [Ascendance](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2931883) | [Results](/news/2019-02-06-osu-mapping-olympiad-4-results) |
| [\#5: Concept Mapping](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/72) | ![][flag_CN] [Necho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4086593),![][flag_CN] [Ryuusei Aika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7777875) | ![][flag_BE] [yaspo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4945926) | ![][flag_CA] [J1\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5918561), ![][flag_HK] [how2miss](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477199) | [Results](/news/2019-05-22-osu-mapping-olympiad-5-results) |
| [\#6: osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/96) | ![][flag_HK] [alienflybot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/636114) | ![][flag_SG] [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057) | ![][flag_CN] [Yumeno Himiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1806962) | [Results](/news/2020-04-23-osu-mapping-olympiad-6-results) |
| [\#7: osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/108) | ![][flag_US] [Toaph Daddy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7616811), ![][flag_KR] [Kawawa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) |  | ![][flag_PH] [lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573), ![][flag_CA] [BringoBrango](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10274043) | [Results](/news/2020-12-01-osu-mapping-olympiad-7-concludes) |
```
you might want to include entries somewhere as well

Author: Entries are directly available on each newsposts so I don't think it's needed to link them here

## Prizes

> The osu! Mapping Olympiad contest has its own rewarding system and work under a point system, as the Monthly Beatmapping Contest does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The osu! Mapping Olympiad contest has its own rewarding system and works under a point system.
```
mentioning mbc here seems redundant

> * **Contest winner**: 6 points
> * **Second place**: 4 points
> * **Third place**: 2 points

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Contest winner**: 6 points
- **Second place**: 4 points
- **Third place**: 2 points
```
maybe add crown pictures here as well, like in tournament articles?

Author: Prefer to keep it that way, I think it would look too weird on lines like this

> Reaching points can grant the player specific prizes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Achieving a certain amount of points can grant the player specific prizes:
```

> * As of the second contest's edition, winning a contest grants you an *Elite Mapper* profile title.  
> * Once a player earns 6 points, they get rewarded with a **profile badge**, that can progress up to 5 times on every 6 points the player gets.
> * Every top 3 contestants from each contest earns a **supporter tag** of **two**, **three** or **four months** depending of a player ranking. 
> ## Points

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As of the second contest's edition, winning a contest grants an **Elite Mapper** user title.  
- Once a player earns 6 points, they get rewarded with a **profile badge**, that can progress up to 5 times on every 6 points the player gets.
- Every top 3 contestants from each contest earns a **supporter tag** of two, three, or four months depending on a player's ranking.

## Points
```
you should stick to either 'contestant' or 'player', or perhaps you could go with 'user'

Author: Did contestant instead

> An other leaderboard with more details about each contestant's track record below is available [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_gIDJwTOgIhGr2h4069-r1C-2GHuV--5wtwPywzYsz8/edit?usp=sharing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A more detailed leaderboard regarding each contestant's track record below is available [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_gIDJwTOgIhGr2h4069-r1C-2GHuV--5wtwPywzYsz8/edit?usp=sharing "Google Spreadsheet").
```
to make it clear that the user will be directed to an external website by clicking the link

> | User(s) | Points |
> | :-- | :-- |
> | ![][flag_SG] [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057), ![][flag_KR] [Kawawa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | 10 |
> | ![][flag_US] [pishifat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3178418), ![][flag_IT] [Bonzi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1313969), ![][flag_CA] [Monstrata](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2706438), ![][flag_FR] [Nofool](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/672430), ![][flag_FI] [PianoLuigi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9665915), ![][flag_CN] [Necho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4086593), ![][flag_CN] [Ryuusei Aika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7777875), ![][flag_HK] [alienflybot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/636114), ![][flag_US] [Toaph Daddy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7616811)  | 6 |
> | ![][flag_UA] [Fallmorph](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5720389), ![][flag_SG] [Rokkea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2500099), ![][flag_CA] [Kibbleru](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3193504), ![][flag_US] [Nifty](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4956097), ![][flag_KR] [Minato Yukina](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/531253), ![][flag_BE] [yaspo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4945926) | 4 |
> | ![][flag_CA] [Gaia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2683648), ![][flag_CN] [fanzhen0019](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/418699), ![][flag_FR] [Nozhomi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2716981), ![][flag_ID] [Volta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4154071), ![][flag_ID] [\_VianK_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6889055), ![][flag_US] [Ascendance](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2931883), ![][flag_CA] [J1_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5918561), ![][flag_HK] [how2miss](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477199), ![][flag_CN] [Yumeno Himiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1806962), [lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573), ![][flag_CA] [BringoBrango](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10274043) | 2 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| User(s) | Points |
| :-- | :-- |
| ![][flag_SG] [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057), ![][flag_KR] [Kawawa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | 10 |
| ![][flag_US] [pishifat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3178418), ![][flag_IT] [Bonzi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1313969), ![][flag_CA] [Monstrata](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2706438), ![][flag_FR] [Nofool](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/672430), ![][flag_FI] [PianoLuigi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9665915), ![][flag_CN] [Necho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4086593), ![][flag_CN] [Ryuusei Aika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7777875), ![][flag_HK] [alienflybot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/636114), ![][flag_US] [Toaph Daddy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7616811) | 6 |
| ![][flag_UA] [Fallmorph](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5720389), ![][flag_SG] [Rokkea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2500099), ![][flag_CA] [Kibbleru](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3193504), ![][flag_US] [Nifty](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4956097), ![][flag_KR] [Minato Yukina](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/531253), ![][flag_BE] [yaspo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4945926) | 4 |
| ![][flag_CA] [Gaia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2683648), ![][flag_CN] [fanzhen0019](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/418699), ![][flag_FR] [Nozhomi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2716981), ![][flag_ID] [Volta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4154071), ![][flag_ID] [\_VianK\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6889055), ![][flag_US] [Ascendance](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2931883), ![][flag_CA] [J1\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5918561), ![][flag_HK] [how2miss](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477199), ![][flag_CN] [Yumeno Himiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1806962), [lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573), ![][flag_CA] [BringoBrango](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10274043) | 2 |
```
the listing looks too cluttered though. would actually prefer something similar to the one on the spreadsheet - contestant by contestant

Author: I had it like this cause the list was *a bit* too long and it kinda looked weirdo

> 

Reviewer: excessive newline here

also, make sure to order these flag references alphabetically

Author: Does it change something to have ordered flag reference or is it for visual purpose?

Reviewer: I'm not sure if it does, but that's how it is done for every other article. It will also help the editor ease the process of further edits on the article.

Author: Also forgot to mention, but they're listed by their first wins, for instance Gaia being listed first in the 2 points category is because they reached 3rd in the first Olympiads edition, etc...

Reviewer: Oh, I didn't mean the ones on the table. I was mentioning the references located at the bottom of the file. I guess my review was not clear about that, apologies.

Author: Alright, fixed them all :)

[flag_FR]: /wiki/shared/flag/FR.gif "France"
[flag_CA]: /wiki/shared/flag/CA.gif "Canada"
[flag_US]: /wiki/shared/flag/US.gif "United States"
[flag_NL]: /wiki/shared/flag/NL.gif "Netherlands"
[flag_GB]: /wiki/shared/flag/GB.gif "United Kingdom"

> [flag_IT]: /wiki/shared/flag/IT.gif "Italia"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[flag_IT]: /wiki/shared/flag/IT.gif "Italy"
```

# osu! Mapping Olympiad

![](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/shared/news/banners/osu_mapping_olympiad.jpg)

> **osu! Mapping Olympiad** is an all-gamemode official contest line-up that was originally from a project of official beatmapping contests revival in 2018. Its particularity is to explore different contest concepts, going from traditional mapping contests to speedmapping or aspire, to mention just a few. 

Reviewer 2: both sentences read unnaturally, not to mention [excessive usage of "contest"](https://tc.s-ul.eu/QMfyL3AX.png)

| ![osu!catch](/wiki/shared/mode/catch.png) osu!catch | ![][flag_GB] [JBHyperion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4879508) |
| ![osu!mania](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania | ![][flag_FR] [Pachiru](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2850983), ![][flag_GB] [Asherz007](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9014047) |

## Ruleset

*Note: Keep in mind that the ruleset may be subject to change depending on editions' restrictions.*

- Each entry must follow the [Ranking Criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria). Entries found to break the Ranking Criteria will be subject to penalties, ranging from point deductions to disqualification based on severity.
- Beatmap submissions must not exceed 15MB.
- Storyboards will not be considered in the judging process.
- Custom [hitsounds](/wiki/Beatmapping/Hitsound) may be used.
- Collaboration on entries is not permitted.
- Maps submitted to the contest must not be uploaded using the [Beatmap Submission System](/wiki/Submission) (BSS) until the contest is concluded and the winners are announced.

## Previous contests

The leaderboards right below display the top 3 contestants from each iteration since the first edition of the osu! Mapping Olympiad.

> | Contest listing | ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | Results post |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Contest listing | ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | Results |
```

> | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |

Reviewer 2: crowns look better when centered, no? unfortunately that realigns the whole column, so feel free to discard it if you don't like the new look
```suggestion
| :-- | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
```

Author: I prefer to keep it like it is cause it looks quite weird with everything centered

| [\#4: osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/69) | ![][flag_SG] [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057) | ![][flag_KR] [Minato Yukina](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | ![][flag_US] [Ascendance](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2931883) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2019-02-06-osu-mapping-olympiad-4-results) |
| [\#5: Concept Mapping](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/72) | ![][flag_CN] [Necho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4086593),![][flag_CN] [Ryuusei Aika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7777875) | ![][flag_BE] [yaspo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4945926) | ![][flag_CA] [J1\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5918561), ![][flag_HK] [how2miss](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477199) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2019-05-22-osu-mapping-olympiad-5-results) |
| [\#6: osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/96) | ![][flag_HK] [alienflybot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/636114) | ![][flag_SG] [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057) | ![][flag_CN] [Yumeno Himiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1806962) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-04-23-osu-mapping-olympiad-6-results) |

> | [\#7: osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/108) | ![][flag_US] [Toaph Daddy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7616811), ![][flag_KR] [Kawawa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | - | ![][flag_PH] [lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573), ![][flag_CA] [BringoBrango](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10274043) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-12-01-osu-mapping-olympiad-7-concludes) |

Reviewer 2: it would really help to include at least the date into the title of every "Results" link, something like:
`[Round #7 (2020-12-01)](...)`

Author: I kept "Results" but added the date outside of the embed link

## Prizes

The osu! Mapping Olympiad contest has its own rewarding system and works under a point system.

- **Contest winner**: 6 points
- **Second place**: 4 points
- **Third place**: 2 points

> Achieving a certain amount of points can grant the contestant specific prizes:
> 
> - As of the second contest's edition, winning a contest grants the contestant an *Elite Mapper* profile title.  
> - Once a contestant earns 6 points, they get rewarded with a **profile badge**, that can progress up to 5 times on every 6 points the contestant gets.
> - Every top 3 contestants from each contest earns a **supporter tag** of **two**, **three** or **four months** depending of a contestant ranking. 

Reviewer 2: for the formatting part, it reads easier if you make the whole phrase bold, as opposed **to** frequently **switching** between **bold** and **the** regular **thickness**
```suggestion
Achieving a certain amount of points can grant the contestant specific prizes:

- As of the second contest's edition, winning grants a contestant an *Elite Mapper* profile title.  
- Once a contestant earns 6 points, they get rewarded with a **profile badge**, that can progress up to 5 times on every 6 points the contestant gets.
- Every top 3 contestants from each contest earn a **supporter tag of two, three, or four months**, depending of a contestant's ranking. 
```

## Points

> A more detailed leaderboard regarding each contestant's track record below is available [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_gIDJwTOgIhGr2h4069-r1C-2GHuV--5wtwPywzYsz8/edit?usp=sharing "Google Spreadsheet").

Reviewer 2: too bloated
```suggestion
A more detailed leaderboard is available on [Google Sheets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_gIDJwTOgIhGr2h4069-r1C-2GHuV--5wtwPywzYsz8/edit?usp=sharing "Google Spreadsheet").
```

| ![osu!catch](/wiki/shared/mode/catch.png) osu!catch | ![][flag_GB] [JBHyperion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4879508) |
| ![osu!mania](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania | ![][flag_FR] [Pachiru](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2850983), ![][flag_GB] [Asherz007](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9014047) |

## Ruleset

*Note: Keep in mind that the ruleset may be subject to change depending on editions' restrictions.*

- Each entry must follow the [Ranking Criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria). Entries found to break the Ranking Criteria will be subject to penalties, ranging from point deductions to disqualification based on severity.
- Beatmap submissions must not exceed 15MB.
- Storyboards will not be considered in the judging process.
- Custom [hitsounds](/wiki/Beatmapping/Hitsound) may be used.
- Collaboration on entries is not permitted.
- Maps submitted to the contest must not be uploaded using the [Beatmap Submission System](/wiki/Submission) (BSS) until the contest is concluded and the winners are announced.

## Previous contests

The leaderboards right below display the top 3 contestants from each iteration since the first edition of the osu! Mapping Olympiad.

> | Contest listing | ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | Results post |
> | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
> | [\#1: osu!standard](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/63) | ![][flag_US] [pishifat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3178418), ![][flag_IT] [Bonzi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1313969), ![][flag_CA] [Monstrata](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2706438) | ![][flag_UA] [Fallmorph](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5720389), ![][flag_SG] [Rokkea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2500099), ![][flag_CA] [Kibbleru](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3193504) | ![][flag_CA] [Gaia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2683648), ![][flag_CN] [fanzhen0019](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/418699), ![][flag_FR] [Nozhomi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2716981) | [Results](/news/2018-06-23-osu-mapping-olympiad-1-results) |
> | [\#2: osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/65) | ![][flag_FR] [Nofool](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/672430) | ![][flag_US] [Nifty](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4956097) | ![][flag_ID] [Volta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4154071) | [Results](/news/2019-09-07-osu!taiko-mapping-olympiad-2-results) |
> | [\#3: osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/67) | ![][flag_FI] [PianoLuigi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9665915) | ![][flag_KR] [Kawawa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | ![][flag_ID] [\_VianK\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6889055) | [Results](/news/2019-12-27-osu-mapping-olympiad-3-results) |
> | [\#4: osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/69) | ![][flag_SG] [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057) | ![][flag_KR] [Minato Yukina](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | ![][flag_US] [Ascendance](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2931883) | [Results](/news/2019-02-06-osu-mapping-olympiad-4-results) |
> | [\#5: Concept Mapping](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/72) | ![][flag_CN] [Necho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4086593),![][flag_CN] [Ryuusei Aika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7777875) | ![][flag_BE] [yaspo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4945926) | ![][flag_CA] [J1\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5918561), ![][flag_HK] [how2miss](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477199) | [Results](/news/2019-05-22-osu-mapping-olympiad-5-results) |
> | [\#6: osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/96) | ![][flag_HK] [alienflybot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/636114) | ![][flag_SG] [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057) | ![][flag_CN] [Yumeno Himiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1806962) | [Results](/news/2020-04-23-osu-mapping-olympiad-6-results) |
> | [\#7: osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/108) | ![][flag_US] [Toaph Daddy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7616811), ![][flag_KR] [Kawawa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | - | ![][flag_PH] [lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573), ![][flag_CA] [BringoBrango](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10274043) | [Results](/news/2020-12-01-osu-mapping-olympiad-7-concludes) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Contest listing | ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | Results post |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| [\#1: osu!standard](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/63) | ![][flag_US] [pishifat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3178418), ![][flag_IT] [Bonzi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1313969), ![][flag_CA] [Monstrata](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2706438) | ![][flag_UA] [Fallmorph](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5720389), ![][flag_SG] [Rokkea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2500099), ![][flag_CA] [Kibbleru](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3193504) | ![][flag_CA] [Gaia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2683648), ![][flag_CN] [fanzhen0019](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/418699), ![][flag_FR] [Nozhomi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2716981) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2018-06-23-osu-mapping-olympiad-1-results) |
| [\#2: osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/65) | ![][flag_FR] [Nofool](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/672430) | ![][flag_US] [Nifty](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4956097) | ![][flag_ID] [Volta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4154071) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2019-09-07-osu!taiko-mapping-olympiad-2-results) |
| [\#3: osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/67) | ![][flag_FI] [PianoLuigi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9665915) | ![][flag_KR] [Kawawa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | ![][flag_ID] [\_VianK\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6889055) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2019-12-27-osu-mapping-olympiad-3-results) |
| [\#4: osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/69) | ![][flag_SG] [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057) | ![][flag_KR] [Minato Yukina](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | ![][flag_US] [Ascendance](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2931883) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2019-02-06-osu-mapping-olympiad-4-results) |
| [\#5: Concept Mapping](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/72) | ![][flag_CN] [Necho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4086593),![][flag_CN] [Ryuusei Aika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7777875) | ![][flag_BE] [yaspo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4945926) | ![][flag_CA] [J1\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5918561), ![][flag_HK] [how2miss](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477199) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2019-05-22-osu-mapping-olympiad-5-results) |
| [\#6: osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/96) | ![][flag_HK] [alienflybot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/636114) | ![][flag_SG] [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057) | ![][flag_CN] [Yumeno Himiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1806962) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-04-23-osu-mapping-olympiad-6-results) |
| [\#7: osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/108) | ![][flag_US] [Toaph Daddy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7616811), ![][flag_KR] [Kawawa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | - | ![][flag_PH] [lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573), ![][flag_CA] [BringoBrango](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10274043) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-12-01-osu-mapping-olympiad-7-concludes) |
```
apparently, I did an oopsie during my review, so here's a quick fix

# osu! Mapping Olympiad

![](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/shared/news/banners/osu_mapping_olympiad.jpg)

> **osu! Mapping Olympiad** is an all-gamemode official contest line-up that was originally from a project of official beatmapping contests revival in 2018. Its particularity is to explore different concepts, going from traditional mapping to speedmapping or aspire, to mention just a few. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**osu! Mapping Olympiad** is an all-gamemode official contest line-up that was originally designed as a project aiming to revive the official beatmapping contests in 2018. Its particularity is to explore different concepts, going from traditional mapping to speedmapping or aspire, to mention just a few. 
```
better wording, feel free to discard if you don't like it

## Contest hosts

| Game mode | User |
| :-- | :-- |
| ![osu!](/wiki/shared/mode/osu.png) osu! | ![][flag_US] [Chaos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2628870), ![][flag_FR] [Imakuri](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6100837), ![][flag_FR] [Pachiru](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2850983) |
| ![osu!taiko](/wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png) osu!taiko | ![][flag_CA] [Gabe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/654108) |
| ![osu!catch](/wiki/shared/mode/catch.png) osu!catch | ![][flag_GB] [JBHyperion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4879508) |

> | ![osu!mania](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania | ![][flag_FR] [Pachiru](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2850983), ![][flag_GB] [Asherz007](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9014047) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![osu!mania](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania | ![][flag_GB] [Asherz007](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9014047), ![][flag_FR] [Pachiru](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2850983) |
```
alphabetical order

## Ruleset

*Note: Keep in mind that the ruleset may be subject to change depending on editions' restrictions.*

> - Each entry must follow the [Ranking Criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria). Entries found to break the Ranking Criteria will be subject to penalties, ranging from point deductions to disqualification based on severity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each entry must follow the [Ranking Criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria). Entries violating the Ranking Criteria will be subject to penalties, ranging from point deductions to disqualification based on severity.
```
nitpick

- Beatmap submissions must not exceed 15MB.
- Storyboards will not be considered in the judging process.

> - Custom [hitsounds](/wiki/Beatmapping/Hitsound) may be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Usage of custom [hitsounds](/wiki/Beatmapping/Hitsound) is allowed.
```
better wording I guess?

| [\#6: osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/96) | ![][flag_HK] [alienflybot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/636114) | ![][flag_SG] [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057) | ![][flag_CN] [Yumeno Himiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1806962) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-04-23-osu-mapping-olympiad-6-results) (2020-04-23) |
| [\#7: osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/108) | ![][flag_US] [Toaph Daddy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7616811), ![][flag_KR] [Kawawa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4647754) | - | ![][flag_PH] [lenpai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573), ![][flag_CA] [BringoBrango](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10274043) | [Results](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2020-12-01-osu-mapping-olympiad-7-concludes) (2020-12-01) |

## Prizes

> The osu! Mapping Olympiad contest has its own rewarding system and works under a point system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the osu! Mapping Olympiad, prizes are distributed in accordance with a point system.
```
repetition of "system" felt unnatural here, feel free to discard though

- **Contest winner**: 6 points
- **Second place**: 4 points
- **Third place**: 2 points

> Achieving a certain amount of points can grant the contestant specific prizes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Achieving a certain amount of points can grant the contestant unique prizes:
```
nitpick

- As of the second contest's edition, winning grants a contestant an *Elite Mapper* profile title.

> - Every top 3 contestants from each contest earn a **supporter tag of two, three, or four months**, depending of a contestant's ranking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Every top 3 contestants from each contest earn a **supporter tag of two, three, or four months**, depending on a contestant's ranking.
```
grammatical fix

- Once a contestant earns 6 points, they get rewarded with a **profile badge**, that can progress up to 5 times on every 6 points the contestant gets.
  

> ![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/olympiad-1star-b.jpg "Mapping Olympian Badge Level 1") ![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/olympiad-2star.jpg "Mapping Olympian Badge Level 2") ![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/olympiad-3star.jpg "Mapping Olympian Badge Level 3") ![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/olympiad-4star.jpg "Mapping Olympian Badge Level 4") ![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/olympiad-5star.jpg "Mapping Olympian Badge Level 5")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/olympiad-1star-b.jpg "Mapping Olympian Level 1") ![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/olympiad-2star.jpg "Mapping Olympian Level 2") ![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/olympiad-3star.jpg "Mapping Olympian Level 3") ![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/olympiad-4star.jpg "Mapping Olympian Level 4") ![](https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/olympiad-5star.jpg "Mapping Olympian Level 5")
```
